Notes on the code
===

## Code style:

This code is from an early stage of my experiments with Clojure and
MASON.  I wouldn't write this in the same way now, so one shouldn't use
this code as a model for other projects.  Later, with another
simulation, *pasta*, I developed the `defsim` macro, which makes using
MASON with Clojure simpler and less verbose, and in some ways more
powerful.

The other thing about *intermittran* that makes it a poor model for
other simulations is that it uses low-level Clojure methods such as
`deftype`, which I think one should avoid except where absolutely
necessary, because they just make Clojure programming un-Clojurely and
inconvenient.  Part of the joy of Clojure programming is due to the
conveniences that it's normal methods provide.  *intermittran* doesn't
need deftype, I believe, but that's how I wrote it.  (I do think that
there are Clojure MASON programs that benefit from low-level Clojure
functions such as efficiency.  In particular, if you use MASON's ability
to display movement on a continuous coordinate system, agents are
usually stored in a hashtable, and `deftype`s will hash much more
efficiently than `defrecord`s.  See docs/ClojureMASONinteropTips.md in
my *majure* repo.  *intermittran* doesn't need this kind of efficiency,
I believe, because the agents never move.)

(`defsym` isn't perfected, and I'm not sure it would be able to
address all of the needs of this application yet.  For one thing,
*intermittran* exposes functions to MASON with Java arrays in their
signatures, but `pasta` doesn't.  I'm not sure whether I really need
those array functions, nor whether `defsim` can handle them.  That's
something for future investigation.  Nevertheless, if I were to write
*intermittran* again, I'd use `defsim` and probably extend it to deal
with whatever the program needed.)

## Other notes:

Note: beta.clj is not used by *intermittran*; it's a utility for
plotting beta distributions independent of *intermittran*.  The beta
distributions used in some versions of *intermittran* is generated by
MASON's `sim.util.distribution.Beta` class.
